README.md, before:

This repository hosts the website of the Archive of Awesome and Dark Tactics.

# Welcome

Hi! These are instructions for the maintainer of the archive.

# Instructions for contributions

## Adding a model to a tactic

1. Rename the image file appropriately to match the tactic it belongs to, and place the image file into the `docs/assets/diagrams` folder. In the markdown file of the corresponding tactic, copy the following line below `t-source-doi` but before `---`. Replace the name `image` with the correct filename of the model.
    ```
        t-diagram: "image.png"
    ```
1. Commit the changes to the repository.

## Adding a tactic

1. If you want to create a new tactic for the archive, first follow the instructions on the "Contributions" page of the website. If you have followed the instructions or received a tactic from someone who wants to contribute, continue with the next step.
2. Rename the markdown file (ending in `.md`) to: `YYYY-MM-DD-title.md` where `YYYY-MM-DD` specifies today's date (this will not be displayed in the archive, but is required by Jekyll to process the file) and `title` being the name of the tactic. The title may contain underscores for readability.
3. If a model (ending in `.png`) was submitted alongside the tactic, rename the image file appropriately to match the tactic, and place the image file into the `docs/assets/diagrams` folder. In the markdown file of the corresponding tactic, copy the line below `t-source-doi` but before `---`. Replace the name `image` with the correct filename of the model.
    ```
        t-diagram: "image.png"
    ```
4. Place the markdown file into the `docs/_new_posts` folder for automated validation.

5. After your tactic passes validation and your pull request is merged, it will be automatically moved from `docs/_new_posts` to `docs/_posts` by our automation. You do not need to move the file manually.

## Automated Validation
Each time a tactic is submitted via pull request, an automated validation is done to see whether required field are filled in and checking for correct formatting. If the submission is missing required information or has errors with the formatting or naming, you will get notified in form of a failure in the GitHub Actions tab for your pull request.
Please review and fix any errors before requesting review.



**If the tactic uses a category or tags that were not previously used in the archive, additional files need to be added.**

## Manually generating category or tags files

### Category

1. Duplicate an existing file from the `docs/categories` folder. Rename the file according to the new category (keep the extension `.md`), and fill in the following fields inside the markdown file:
    * `category-name`
    * `category-description`
    * `category-type`
1. Place the file into the `docs/categories` folder.
1. Commit the changes to the repository.
1. The category should be shown on the *Catalog* page of the archive.

### Tags

1. Duplicate an existing tag file from the `docs/tags` folder. Rename the file according to the new tag, and fill in the following field inside the markdown file:
    * `tag-name`
1. Place the file into the `docs/tags` folder.
1. Commit the changes to the repository.
1. The tag should be shown on the *Tag Selection* page of the archive.

Commit message:

added tag automation. Fixed formatting finally after final decision on schemafor existing posts.

README.md, after:

This repository hosts the website of the Archive of Awesome and Dark Tactics.

# Welcome

Hi! These are instructions for the maintainer of the archive.

# Instructions for contributions

## Adding a model to a tactic

1. Rename the image file appropriately to match the tactic it belongs to, and place the image file into the `docs/assets/diagrams` folder. In the markdown file of the corresponding tactic, copy the following line below `t-source-doi` but before `---`. Replace the name `image` with the correct filename of the model.
    ```
        t-diagram: "image.png"
    ```
1. Commit the changes to the repository.

## Adding a tactic

1. If you want to create a new tactic for the archive, first follow the instructions on the "Contributions" page of the website. If you have followed the instructions or received a tactic from someone who wants to contribute, continue with the next step.
2. Rename the markdown file (ending in `.md`) to: `YYYY-MM-DD-title.md` where `YYYY-MM-DD` specifies today's date (this will not be displayed in the archive, but is required by Jekyll to process the file) and `title` being the name of the tactic. The title may contain underscores for readability.
3. If a model (ending in `.png`) was submitted alongside the tactic, rename the image file appropriately to match the tactic, and place the image file into the `docs/assets/diagrams` folder. In the markdown file of the corresponding tactic, copy the line below `t-source-doi` but before `---`. Replace the name `image` with the correct filename of the model.
    ```
        t-diagram: "image.png"
    ```
4. Place the markdown file into the `docs/_new_posts` folder for automated validation.

5. After your tactic passes validation and your pull request is merged, it will be automatically moved from `docs/_new_posts` to `docs/_posts` by our automation. You do not need to move the file manually.

## Automated Validation
Each time a tactic is submitted via pull request, an automated validation is done to see whether required field are filled in and checking for correct formatting. If the submission is missing required information or has errors with the formatting or naming, you will get notified in form of a failure in the GitHub Actions tab for your pull request.
Please review and fix any errors before requesting review.



**If the tactic uses a category or tags that were not previously used in the archive, additional files need to be added.**

## Manually generating category
### Category

1. Duplicate an existing file from the `docs/categories` folder. Rename the file according to the new category (keep the extension `.md`), and fill in the following fields inside the markdown file:
    * `category-name`
    * `category-description`
    * `category-type`
1. Place the file into the `docs/categories` folder.
1. Commit the changes to the repository.
1. The category should be shown on the *Catalog* page of the archive.

### Tags

1. Tags are now automatically added onto the archive. You need to submit a tactic with unique tags in the markdown template to see the new tags. 

1. OR

1. Duplicate an existing tag file from the `docs/tags` folder. Rename the file according to the new tag, and fill in the following field inside the markdown file:
    * `tag-name`
1. Place the file into the `docs/tags` folder.
1. Commit the changes to the repository.
1. The tag should be shown on the *Tag Selection* page of the archive.
